USER MANUAL: LED Animation			TEAM: Automaten
     	     University of Idaho      		Everett Bloch
	     Capstone Design	      		Grant Boomer
	     Fall 2013

CLIENT:      Dr. Robert Rinker
	     Associate Professor
	     Department of Computer Science
	     University of Idaho

This user manual details the usage and functionality of team Automaten's 
final product for the LED Animation project.

Date: 12/10/2013

------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

Name:
	leda - stream a video to an LED panel running on a Raspberry Pi  

Synopsis:
	lead [-x] [-?] [-d file] [-b file] [-l file] video_location

Description:

	lead is a command line tool that provides functionality for displaying
	a video on an LED panel that is running off of a Raspberry Pi. 

	The default behavior of leda is to stream a video from the source 
	video located at video_location to the LED panel. This location can 
	either be a local video file, a URL to a video file (or stream) on 
	the network, or a YouTube video URL or ID (YouTube video ID's are 
	located in their URL, generally after a 'v=' parameter. They are 11 
	characters in length).

	Direct streaming requires a lot of CPU utilization, which on the 
	Raspberry Pi will impact the frame rate of the displayed video. To 
	address this issue, leda provides an option for the video to be
	processed and buffered the video data in a local object file 
	(.led extended by convention). This will improve the frame rate 
	significantly when the video is displayed from the file, instead
	of the raw video stream.

	For offline applications, lead offers an option to download a video 
	from a URL to a local file. Files should have a proper video extension
	(e.g. .mp4 .avi .mpeg etc.), the functionality of running leda on a 
	file with an incorrect or missing extension is undefined. The options
	detailed above function the same offline, on a local file, as they do
	when streaming from a URL.

	By default all URL's are expected to be from YouTube. To indicate that
	a URL is not from YouTube, an option is provided. Note that YouTube 
	provides copyright protection for proprietary videos. These videos will
	not be able to be displayed using leda, and a an error to notify you 
	of this will be displayed accordingly.

	Finally, it is important to note that YouTube can change their
	specification's for retrieving video files at any time. In this case
	it is likely that the streaming of YouTube videos will intermittently 
	cause errors, or in the case of extreme alterations, not be possible. 
	To troubleshoot this issue, see section 3.2.3 of the SDD.

Options:

	Default behavior, without options, is to stream the video located at
	video_location (YouTube URL, YouTube ID, or local file) to the LED 
	panel connected to the Raspberry Pi. The following options will provide
	alternative functionality.

	-?        
	   Display a short description of leda usage and options.

	-x
	   Indicate that URL provided is not from YouTube.

	-d file
	   Download the video stream from the specified video_location to a 
	   local file, file. The local file should have the proper video
	   file extension (.mp4 .avi .mpeg etc.).

	-b file
	   Buffer the video stream as the raw frame data for displaying to the
	   LED panel. This buffered stream is stored in an object file, file.
	   By convention, these files should have a .led extension, but is not
	   required.

	-l file
	   Load raw frame data from object file, file, created with the -b 
	   option. This will improve frame rate significantly.

Examples:

	Stream a video from YouTube to the LED display:

	leda http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSt9tm3RoUU
	----
	Same as above:

	leda ZSt9tm3RoUU
	----
	Stream a rtsp video stream to LED panel:

	leda -x rtsp://digitalbroadcast.streamguys.net/live-studio.sdp
	----
	Download a video from YouTube

	leda -d world.mp4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZSt9tm3RoUU
	----
	Stream a video from a local .mp4 file

	leda world.mp4
	----
	Buffer YouTube video stream in object file:

	leda -b world.led ZSt9tm3RoUU
	----
	Load and play video from object file:
	
	leda -l world.led
	----
